README.md, before:

# couch-db-potato

## Uploading the loop data

The program runs from `main.py`. It takes 4 arguments, 2 required, 2 optional.

### Arguments:

(REQUIRED) `-f path-to-your-csv-file.csv` -- the path to the csv file from the directory you're running. <br/>
(REQUIRED) `-d your-database-name` -- the name of the database, if it doesn't exist the app will create it for you <br/>
(OPTIONAL) `-u url-where-couchdb-is-running` -- it will default to `localhost` <br/>
(OPTIONAL) `-p port-couchdb-is-running-on` -- it will default to `5984` <br/>

Python is notorious for import problems, if you see an error like `Cannot find module 'src'` or similar try:
```
export PYTHONPATH="${PYTHONPATH}:path/to/couch-db-potato-directory/"
```

For instance this project for me is located at `/Users/Marko/code/couch-db-potato`, so i would type in my shell:

`export PYTHONPATH="${PYTHONPATH}:/Users/Marko/code/couch-db-potato"`

## Running the application

Running the app looks something like `python3 main.py -f /Users/Marko/code/loop_data.csv -d loop_database`

Commit message:

Add fucntion import_detectors_to_couchdb
Added a function that will import the detectors 1 at a time.

README.md, after:

# couch-db-potato

## Uploading the loop data

The program runs from `main.py`. It takes 4 arguments, 2 required, 2 optional.

### Arguments:

(REQUIRED) `-f path-to-your-csv-file.csv` -- the path to the csv file from the directory you're running. <br/>
(REQUIRED) `-d your-database-name` -- the name of the database, if it doesn't exist the app will create it for you <br/>
(OPTIONAL) `-u url-where-couchdb-is-running` -- it will default to `localhost` <br/>
(OPTIONAL) `-p port-couchdb-is-running-on` -- it will default to `5984` <br/>

Python is notorious for import problems, if you see an error like `Cannot find module 'src'` or similar try:
```
export PYTHONPATH="${PYTHONPATH}:path/to/couch-db-potato-directory/"
```

For instance this project for me is located at `/Users/Marko/code/couch-db-potato`, so i would type in my shell:

`export PYTHONPATH="${PYTHONPATH}:/Users/Marko/code/couch-db-potato"`

## CSV files
The program will look for the detector, station, and highway csv files int he src folder. Make sure they are there before running.

## Running the application

Running the app looks something like `python3 main.py -f /Users/Marko/code/loop_data.csv -d loop_database`
